AMM: Add AMMDelete transaction type, update error codes (#47)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-30d-amm/transaction-types/ammwithdraw.md

<!-- TODO: add a formula and example calculation(s) of single-asset withdrawal fees -->

### AMM Deletion

> If the transaction withdraws the last of the AMM's assets, it tries to automatically delete the AMM along with all associated trust lines. However, there is no limit to the number of empty trust lines for LP Tokens that may exist associated with an AMM, so it is possible that the transaction cannot remove all of them. If this happens, the AMM remains in the ledger in an empty state; it can be deleted with further [AMMDelete transactions](./ammdelete.md), or it can be refilled with a special "empty AMM" two-asset [AMMDeposit transaction](./ammdeposit.md). While an AMM is empty, no other operations on it are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the transaction withdraws the last of the AMM's assets, it automatically tries to delete the AMM along with all associated trust lines. However, there is a limit to how many empty trust lines can be removed in one transaction. If too many empty trust lines exist, the AMM remains in the ledger in an empty state; it can be deleted with further [`AMMDelete` transactions](./ammdelete.md), or it can be refilled with a special "empty AMM" two-asset [`AMMDeposit` transaction](./ammdeposit.md). While an AMM is empty, no other operations on it are valid.
```
